FAQ item for OpenCart and WooCommerce generic gateway (#1063)
MultiSafepay/docs: content/integrations/plugins/woocommerce/faq/generic-gateways.md

---
title : "Generic gateways"
meta_title: "Generic gateways - MultiSafepay Docs"
meta_description: "The MultiSafepay Documentation Center presents all relevant information about our Plugins and API. You can also find support pages for payment methods, tools and general questions as well as the contact details of our Support and Integration Teams."
---

> The OpenCart plugin offer a generic gateway; that can be found in WooCommerce Settings; under payment tab, which list all payment methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The OpenCart plugin offers a generic gateway. The generic gateway can be found in your WooCommerce Settings under the payment tab, which lists all payment methods.
```

> The OpenCart plugin offer a generic gateway; that can be found in WooCommerce Settings; under payment tab, which list all payment methods.

Reviewer 2: I think OpenCart here should be WooCommerce

Author: Thanks Vinod. ! Is done now.

> All of our payment methods are supported. It is possible to set the gateway code, gateway logo, gateway label and whether the shopping cart should be included in refund transactions; which is required if the gateway code used is a billing suite payment method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All of our payment methods are supported. It is possible to set the gateway code, gateway logo, gateway label, and whether the shopping cart should be included in refund transactions. Specifying whether the shopping cart should be included in refund transactions is required if the gateway code used is that of a billing suite payment method.
```

> In the same way than others gateways, is possible also filter the payment method by country, min amount, max amount, and a set a custom initial order status. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similar to other gateways, it is possible to filter the generic gateway by:

* geographic zone
* currency
* min amount
* max amount
* customer groups
Furthermore, you can set a custom initial order status.
```

> Full refunding actions, partial refunds action (except for billing suite payment methods), and backend orders are fully supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Full refunds, partial refunds (except for billing suite payment methods), and backend orders are fully supported.
```
